# Banking-System-CSCI207-DataStructures/Algorithms.
A banking system that I created using C++ for CSCI207(Data Structures and Algorithms) Course.
Banking System Project - Fall 2022.
The project involves creating a banking system with four main parts that will be evaluated for grading. The project rules require the team members to handle all exception cases and understand everything in the code. The grading scheme is based on the discussion, with Part #3 carrying the highest marks .
Part #1 of the project involves creating classes and templates, including a Client Class, LinkedListNode Class, ClientsLinkedList Class, and Transaction Class, and an array of Clients. The client class will contain several attributes, including a clientID, a client name, email, phone number, address, password, and an array of transactions. The LinkedListNode class will represent the linked list node, and the ClientsLinkedList class represents the linked list of clients. The transaction class will represent the transactions, with attributes such as transaction ID, transaction name, and transaction date. The array of clients will contain a pointer to a linked list with a size of 10.
Part #2 of the project involves creating several menus, including the main menu, login menu, new client menu, transactions menu, and client home menu. The team must handle all moves from one menu to another, and users must be able to go back to the main menu. Additionally, there is a forget password option.
Part #3 involves programming logic, where a client will log in to the system by entering their correct email and password. The client can then view all personal information except their password or log out. The team must handle an array of size 10 to store the clients, with each index pointing to a linked list of clients. A new client will be added to the system by hashing or assigning the client to a specific index of the array, so the client will be added to the end of the linked list in that array index. The team will use the Quick Sort Algorithm to sort the array of linked lists by the linked list size and then view each array index after sorting and print the clients in the linked list. The team must also ensure that if a new client tries to create an account using the same email, an error message is shown, and the client is not added to the system. The client is then directed back to the main menu after creating the account successfully.
Lastly, Part #4 is a bonus part and focuses on code quality, which is measured according to naming conventions, writing comments, and following dynamic and static nature of program logic.
